but camp experience work on busy channel
fiji 10 pieces and what you see here
is small chin game
and after that I have a small fence
shirt so that I want to see or show
can you just m for the background i
went quite well in 2011
finally making started nice and good
from the start, but it does
don't matter
you just can see game and later
something about heckers but I myself about it
to tell
I just wanted to talk about the
last 8 days again
yes the last few days I have a lot
after a bit of football i got a whole sunday
built football day so I have
little time stage worked at noon
I do notice that I have less and less time
have to play and make videos
everything at least
red the master is fun to do but
I take it as you know sometimes
like on two at the same time to so or three
at the same time
that saves time for me because I have
usually tuesday i have time to get up
take friday
really for large masses and Saturday I can
and Wednesday afternoon I can also do one
Monday afternoon it is all possible then
I only just have half an hour or so
so
45 minutes because then parents will come again
inside mentions other and I have myself too
do homework and make reports call it
all must be done on everything
so I have a lot of reports to make
might be that i
maybe just one video this week
prakken upload maybe bread you like me
you don't just come normal taylor
u either large mass link no normal
quaternary i or i know much what i do
all will do
so that I am slightly lesser Kinder Michael
in the coming time something many reports and
reports and
I have to live in this week I think
I still have 5 reports and they have to
all off so yes we will see what
that's going to be
but that is all good
command it operates and I am still
not because it just comes after all
reports must at least be finished
must agree to be my
so yes that just takes some time man
do you also what today I go again
just to my niece niece pie
teaching math so that it too
well nice nice nice they had something
I'm going to do that too
see if she learns anything and
then i'm going to play football again tonight
so the busy day with the
slogan or food now appears again and
maybe fashion is just get
and I can just take it again and again
then the evening also starts very over gaming
and then just nice again on Wednesday
school and nice weather to start and watch
where the ship beach bleak say
today just nice and quietly done
I was awake at 11 or so I have
equally large mast we included the vision
now i'm busy with school too and before
you make that video of course what I do
Well're recording and the
I do n't have much left now
done
now book away it is now how
let's talk game this is just about right
for three because I leave it
so I can make it easier for you too
to make
at least make it easier for me
just as smooth as you can
leave
yes yes can spend some time on because
I leave about 3 o'clock, it's ten now
in half past two and at 3 o'clock I go to work
so after this I have the only basket
small good look if he is good I go
a reindeer and such and as I will
come home from minute you then I go him
to pop online will just say online
dolls and then you see him on my
channel man yes then you see how they are someone
look else denotes my voice
too long cause that weird if you do something
and then you think bye later but wait
So once you are watching my already
I don't actually have to say
think of me so from days that very deep
meaningful conversations
this afternoon I also played late play
with do this pro if I'm right
pronounce the name correctly on playstation
we did not go so well yes I know
not what it is
I just don't touch it for a moment
maybe tonight you do i 'm just
effe stopped for a moment and feel of the next
not own because I just touch it
not a million
yes if you just don't feel well
or something people and you just don't get stuck in you
follow him about your things that stop there
he just stopped playing chess
just do something else I come
back online later maybe it works
then again so I did too
i just have a thin game port china
done right to those replay bags
after being lost twice against of that
French the host was not quite
great then came to display a lot
Dutch
Then it doesn't matter who win from us
but one I thought it was a bit
is respectful of us and yes that
you don't just think you are a guest that week
just let go if you like
another car to be respectful and clear
ordinary respect in return
but here you see it starting where you
game I've happens the great fly
there
we are all standing still and the minimum
looks at us
and what is this it is a hacker and not
this guest plays for that
yes i do may mean conspiracy
then I do n't know but we can't do anything
we can't do anything we can't walk we
can't do anything and I sat here with a freak
breaks and free press
will play the key and we would like that
from what the fuck
that is his just loose again I wanted here
all kim end doing so and i know
much what
and then I thought well you know what I am
just record it
for youtube because this is for you too
maybe interesting and it 's cora
that pichot has our streaks has such
canine
has swan and had peace for me
system and I will also
perspective of him because we
also just in theater actually
I didnt sleep but we didn't sleep
from back to the piece where i got it
recorded theater because here you are him
viewers than usual he does
nothing at all
he will immediately see he has in one
jump like a streaks
he has impey dox and swam and i have chance
make live in stay calm
what the fuck come on hey such a witch
may not consist of that pichot that
did it really wow him i got one
bit of a rotten look around but
this was really that guy
pray until it was on the playstation 3 with
two dashes
if you want to visit him or to us
I know a lot about what you want to do
complain a pleasant i just say i
liked opium like this video
respond subscribe and then i say see you
ladyshaver bali